PREVIOUSLY ON "REVENGE"...
NOW I KNOW YOU'VE BEEN
WORKING WITH MARGAUX AND
DIGGING UP DIRT ON ME.
YOU KNOW, AS CRAZY
AS LOUISE MAY BE,
I'M NOT GONNA HELP YOU
DO TO HER WHAT YOU DID TO ME.
I MESSED UP.
THIS IS OVER!
WHY?
BECAUSE I'M PREGNANT.
MY FATHER
WAS ATTACKED TWICE.
THE SECOND ATTACKER WAS FOUND
AT THE POLICE STATION HANGED.
I BELIEVE THAT SOMEONE
WHO HAD THE POWER TO GET CLOSE
MURDERED HIM.
NO ONE ELSE
HAD ACCESS TO THAT ROOM
EXCEPT ALVAREZ
AND THE FEDS.
THE GUY COMING AFTER ME
IS MALCOLM BLACK.
HE FORCED ME TO LAUNDER MONEY
OR HE WOULD KILL AMANDA.
AND NOW I HAVE TO FIND HIM.
DAVID OWES MALCOLM
A LOT OF MONEY.
IF IT'S MONEY
THIS MALCOLM WANTS,
THERE IS ANOTHER SOLUTION.
I TRUST THAT YOU'LL GET THAT
IN THE RIGHT HANDS
AND KEEP MINE CLEAN.
Victoria:
TELL ME WHAT YOU CAN.
HOW ABOUT I START WITH WHERE
I'VE BEEN THE LAST 10 YEARS?
YOU WEREN'T IN THAT SILO,
WERE YOU?
THERE'S A MAN
MORE DANGEROUS THAN CONRAD.
Victoria:
HE'LL KILL US ALL!
AS LONG AS MALCOLM BLACK IS OUT
THERE, OUR LIVES ARE IN DANGER.
DAVID, YOU HAD NO RIGHT TO
KEEP ME IN THE DARK FOR SO LONG!
I SHOULD'VE TOLD YOU
THE TRUTH SOONER,
BUT YOU DON'T HAVE TO WORRY
ABOUT MALCOLM.
I'M DEALING WITH HIM.
THAT MAN
HAS ATTACKED YOU RELENTLESSLY.
WHAT MAKES YOU THINK
HE'LL BACK OFF NOW?
BECAUSE HE VALUES HIS FREEDOM
MORE THAN MONEY.
THREATENING HIM
WITH EVIDENCE
IS A TEMPORARY SOLUTION
AT BEST, DAVID.
GO TO THE FBI
AND ASK FOR PROTECTION.
THEY CAN'T HELP US.
LOOK, I KNOW HOW TO STOP HIM.
YOU GAVE AWAY MILLIONS
OF HIS FORTUNE.
MEN LIKE HIM DO NOT STOP UNTIL
REPARATIONS HAVE BEEN MADE.
EMILY HAS ENOUGH.
NO.
NO, I WAS A PRISONER
FOR 10 YEARS.
I'LL DIE
BEFORE I HAVE TO GIVE IN TO HIM.
DAVID...
EMILY IS A WAY OUT.
GO TO HER.
ASK FOR HER HELP.
LISTEN,
I WILL PROTECT US.
BUT I NEED YOU
TO TRUST ME
AND TO PROMISE ME
THAT YOU WILL NOT INTERFERE.
I'LL DO WHAT'S BEST.
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
I'LL BE BACK TONIGHT.
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
[ ELEVATOR BELL DINGS ]
THANKS FOR MEETING ME
THIS MORNING.
WE HAVE TO
MAKE THIS QUICK.
I HAVE
A VERY BUSY DAY.
YOU PROBABLY WANT
TO THINK ABOUT SLOWING...DOWN.
LISTEN TO ME.
I MADE SOME CALLS,
AND I GOT YOU IN WITH DR. VIONI.
SHE'S THE BEST OB-GYN
IN THE CITY.
NO, I DIDN'T ASK YOU
TO DO THAT.
I DIDN'T ASK YOU
TO DO ANYTHING.
I'M NOT ASKING YOU
TO TAKE ME BACK,
BUT WE HAVE TO
FIGURE THIS OUT.
NO MATTER HOW YOU FEEL ABOUT ME,
OUR CHILD NEEDS A FATHER.
A FATHER?
LIKE THE ONE YOU HAD?
I'M SORRY.
BUT THE BABY
HAS CHANGED THINGS FOR ME.
AND WE BOTH
HAVE TO ADMIT
SOMETHING HAS CHANGED IN YOU,
AS WELL.
I CAN'T TRUST
THE MAN YOU'VE BECOME,
NOT WHEN SOMEONE ELSE'S LIFE
DEPENDS ON IT.
JUST...LOOK, I UNDERSTAND
YOU'RE STILL ANGRY.
OH, I'M NOT ANGRY.
I'M REALISTIC.
YOU'RE VERY GOOD
AT SAYING THE PERFECT THING
WHEN LIFE IS EASY,
BUT WHEN CHOICES GET HARD,
YOU RUN AWAY.
[ ELEVATOR DOOR OPENS ]
THERE'S ONLY ONE OF US RUNNING,
MARGAUX.
IT'S NOT ME.
[ ELEVATOR DOOR CLOSES ]
[ KEYBOARD CLACKS ]
I'VE HACKED ALL OF KATE TAYLOR'S
PERSONNEL-REVIEW FILES
IN THE FBI MAINFRAME.
[ SIGHS ]
I MEAN, AFTER READING THIS,
I WANT TO WRITE HER A LETTER
OF RECOMMENDATION MYSELF.
TOP OF HER CLASS AT QUANTICO,
PROFICIENCY MEDALS
IN HAND-TO-HAND COMBAT
AND FIREARMS.
I EVEN CHECKED
HER FINANCES.
SHE'S CLEAN AND...
WELL-DIVERSIFIED,
I MIGHT ADD.
JUST MEANS SHE'S AS GOOD AS I AM
AT HIDING HER SECRETS.
OR MAYBE IT MEANS
SHE'S NOT DIRTY.
I ALREADY FEEL
DOUCHE-BAGGY ENOUGH
AFTER WHAT I DID
TO LOUISE.
SHE DID NOT DESERVE IT.
I SURE AS HELL
AM NOT GONNA DO THE SAME THING
TO A FEDERAL AGENT.
THEY HOLD GRUDGES...
AND ARREST WARRANTS.
I TRUST MY INSTINCTS,
NOLAN.
KATE HAD ACCESS
TO THE PRISONER
WHO WAS MURDERED
AT THE POLICE STATION.
I THINK
SHE WAS TYING UP LOOSE ENDS.
FOR OUR FACELESS CRIME BOSS,
MALCOLM BLACK,
WHO I CAN'T EVEN
FIND A PICTURE OF, BY THE WAY?
RUMOR HAS IT THAT HE OPERATES
OUT OF A SECURE COMPOUND,
BUT NOBODY KNOWS WHERE.
DON'T DO THAT.
THE TRACKING DEVICE
YOU PLANTED ON HIS THUG
DIDN'T LEAD ANYWHERE?
UH, YEAH, IT DID --
STRAIGHT TO A MORGUE IN DETROIT.
ELIMINATING LOOSE ENDS SEEMS
TO BE MALCOLM'S GO-TO MOVE.
THEN KATE TAYLOR REALLY IS
MY ONLY WAY TO FIND HIM.
[ SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYS ]
[ BEEPING ]
EMILY. HEY.
HI.
IT'S FUNNY
BUMPING INTO YOU HERE.
I WAS DROPPING OFF SOME FILES
WITH AGENT TAYLOR.
I WAS JUST CHECKING OUT
THE CONFERENCE ROOM
FOR AN EVENT
THAT I'M PLANNING.
OH, I THOUGHT MAYBE
YOU WERE CHECKING UP ON JACK.
HIM AND KATE?
YEAH,
EVERYBODY AT THE STATION
HAS GOT A LITTLE POOL GOING
ON THOSE TWO.
I'M S-SORRY.
I THOUGHT --
I'M SO SORRY.
I GOT TO GO.
[ BOTH PANTING ]
AW!
ANYONE EVER TELL YOU
TO LET THE GIRL WIN?
THAT WOULD'VE JUST
PISSED YOU OFF MORE.
[ SCOFFS ]
NICE READ.
WOULD'VE MADE
AN EXCELLENT PROFILER.
SHUT UP.
HMM.
WHAT MADE YOU CHANGE JOBS,
ANYWAY?
FIELDWORK'S
MORE SATISFYING.
MM.
I HATE
THAT I HAVE TO GO INTO WORK...
ESPECIALLY
WITH YOU LEAVING.
WELL, ACTUALLY, I DO HAVE
A FEW VACATION DAYS BANKED.
[ Laughing ] DON'T...
DON'T GET COCKY, PORTER.
MM.
NOT EVERYTHING'S ABOUT YOU.
[ CHUCKLES ]
WELL, YOU KEEP
TELLING YOURSELF THAT.
HMM.
SINCE YOU ARE STAYING,
COME WITH ME
TO THE REOPENING
OF NOLAN'S YACHT CLUB TONIGHT.
OH.
THAT'S RIGHT.
YOU'RE THE ROOKIE WHO KNOWS
EVERYONE WHO'S ANYONE.
[ SIGHS ]
NOLAN ROSS,
DAVID CLARKE, EMILY THORNE.
SO,
IS THAT A YES?
MM.
I HAVE TO SEE
WHO RSVPs FIRST.
YOU'RE GONNA FIT
RIGHT IN.
[ CHUCKLES, SIGHS ]
[ SIGHS ]
♪ THERE WILL BE ANGELS,
THERE WILL BE DEVILS ♪
♪ I WILL BE IN BETWEEN ♪
♪ BUT I CROSS THAT LINE ♪
AHOY!
♪ SOME OF THE TIME ♪
PERMISSION
TO COME ABOARD?
SHARKS BELONG IN THE WATER,
NOT ON MY DECK.
THOUGH, YOU'RE MORE
OF A BOTTOM-FEEDER, AREN'T YOU?
♪ IF IT'S GONNA BURN, HONEY,
YOU WILL YOU LEARN ♪
LOUISE, I FEEL AWFUL
THAT I HELPED MARGAUX
WITH THAT HIT JOB.
I ASKED HER
TO KILL THE STORY.
♪ I WANT YOU TO WANT ME ♪
SHE WOULDN'T.
I AM TRULY SORRY.
♪ I WANT YOU TO WANT ME ♪
MM.
SO YOU SAID
IN YOUR E-MAILS...
♪ I WANT YOU TO WANT ME ♪
...AND TEXTS.
YOU ARE PERSISTENT.
I'LL GIVE YOU THAT.
I EVEN LEFT YOU A VOICEMAIL,
FOR GOD SAKES.
HMM.
LOUISE, DON'T GO.
LET ME HELP YOU PUT THAT STORY
IN YOUR REARVIEW.
NOW, ARE YOU TRYING
TO ASSUAGE YOUR GUILT?
'CAUSE IF SO...
CARRY ON.
♪ THERE WILL BE LIGHT,
THERE WILL BE DARKNESS ♪
WELL, LET'S GIVE THOSE VULTURES
SOMETHING ELSE TO TALK ABOUT.
AFTER ALL, WE'RE BOTH FIXTURES
OF THE TABLOIDS.
CAN YOU IMAGINE
THE HEADLINES WE WOULD CAUSE
IF YOU CO-HOSTED MY EVENT
WITH ME TONIGHT?
WE WOULD BE LIKE
THE WONDER TWINS OF GOSSIP.
WHAT DO YOU SAY?
[ INHALES DEEPLY ]
I'LL SAY,
"WONDER TWINS, ACTIVATE."
PHEW!
FORM OF
"PARTY OF THE SUMMER."
♪ I WANT YOU TO WANT ME ♪
[ CLICKS TONGUE ]
[ LAUGHS ]
[ BALL THUDS ]
I'VE CALLED IN
A FAVOR.
THE DISTRICT ATTORNEY
HAS AGREED
TO REMOVE YOU
FROM THE WITNESS LIST.
YOU WON'T HAVE TO TESTIFY
AT THE TRIAL.
GINA WAS ASSAULTED
AT MY PARTY, DAD.
SHE NEEDS ALL THE HELP
SHE CAN GET.
YOU KNOW THE DEFENSE
WILL DESTROY HER
CHARACTER ON THE STAND.
WELL...WITH GOOD REASON.
[ CHUCKLES ]
WHY DO YOU THINK
A GIRL FROM ROCKPORT
WAS EVEN AT YOUR PARTY
IN THE FIRST PLACE?
THIS IS A SHAKEDOWN
OF YOUR FRIEND.
DREW ANDERSON'S
NO FRIEND OF MINE.
ANDREW IS
A FRATERNITY BROTHER,
WHICH MIGHT AS WELL
BE BLOOD.
HE TOOK ADVANTAGE OF HER, DAD,
AND BRAGGED ABOUT IT LATER.
I HAVE TO TESTIFY.
DANIEL, YOUR CLASSMATE
HAS A POWERFUL FATHER
WITH
EQUALLY POWERFUL FRIENDS.
I'M HOPING
THAT YOU CAN RECOGNIZE
HOW THAT WORKS FOR YOU
RATHER THAN AGAINST YOU.
IF YOU COULD
DEFEND THIS GIRL
WITHOUT JEOPARDIZING
YOUR OWN FUTURE,
I MIGHT EVEN ENCOURAGE YOU
TO DO SO,
BUT THAT IS NOT
THE CASE.
WHY IS MY FUTURE
MORE IMPORTANT THAN HERS?
I ONCE ASKED MYSELF
THE SAME QUESTION.
I'LL TELL YOU
WHAT YOUR GRANDFATHER TAUGHT ME.
THIS WORLD THAT WE'VE CREATED
IS MADE UP OF GODS AND INSECTS.
AND IT'S NOT FAIR,
BUT THAT IS THE REALITY.
DON'T CONCERN YOURSELF WITH
THE WELL-BEING OF ANTS, SON.
IF YOU CAN SEE LIFE
THROUGH THAT LENS,
YOUR CHOICES WILL BECOME
SIMPLER, EASIER TO MAKE...
...AND LIVE WITH.
[ DOOR OPENS, CLOSES ]
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT,
MR. GRAYSON?
IS THERE ANYTHING
I CAN GET YOU?
NO, I'M FINE.
ACTUALLY, I HAVE SOME, UH --
I HAVE ITEMS IN STORAGE.
CAN YOU BRING THEM OUT
TO MY ROOM?
JACK.
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
IS IT TRUE?
ARE YOU SEEING
KATE TAYLOR?
HOW DID YOU EVEN KNOW
ABOUT THAT?
YOU SPYING ON ME
OR HER?
LOOK,
I THINK SHE WAS INVOLVED
WITH THE ATTACKS
ON MY FATHER.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
MY FATHER LIED.
CONRAD DIDN'T
HOLD HIM CAPTIVE.
IT WAS A MAN
NAMED MALCOLM BLACK.
I BELIEVE THAT KATE
IS HIS OPERATIVE.
SHE'S A FEDERAL AGENT.
WHO CHOSE A ROOKIE
TO WORK HER CASE --
THE SON-IN-LAW OF DAVID CLARKE,
HER TARGET.
THE CASE IS CLOSED,
EMS.
KATE'S GOING BACK
TO D.C.
THEN I BET SHE'LL FIND
A REASON TO STAY.
LOOK, IF I'M RIGHT ABOUT HER,
SHE'S DANGEROUS.
I HAD TO WARN YOU.
I...
I COULDN'T LIVE WITH MYSELF
IF SOMETHING HAPPENED TO YOU.
A LONG WAY FROM THE PRISON YARD,
HUH, KERN?
LONGER FOR YOU.
I GOT PAROLED.
YOU WERE RESURRECTED.
[ BOTH CHUCKLE ]
YEAH,
I SUPPOSE SO.
DO YOU HAVE IT?
I'LL ALWAYS COME THROUGH
FOR MY OLD CELLMATE.
BUT YOUR REQUEST
DID CATCH ME BY SURPRISE.
THIS WAS NEVER
YOUR STYLE.
I'M NOT
THE SAME MAN ANYMORE.
AND I'M NOT JUDGING.
AFTER WHAT THEY DID,
THEY DESERVE FAR WORSE.
ATROPA BELLADONNA.
WILL TAKE DOWN
A 200-POUND MAN.
WILL LOOK LIKE A STROKE --
BASICALLY UNTRACEABLE.
PERFECT.
JUST BE SURE
YOU HAVE NO DOUBTS.
THERE'S NO TURNING BACK.
[ GASPS ]
SORRY TO STARTLE YOU,
MRS. GRAYSON.
AGENT TAYLOR
FROM THE FBI.
WE MET THE OTHER DAY
AT THE HOSPITAL.
HAD A FEW
FOLLOW-UP QUESTIONS
REGARDING THE ATTACKS
ON MR. CLARKE.
[ CHUCKLES ]
I'M LATE FOR AN APPOINTMENT
IN THE CITY,
AND I ALREADY TOLD INVESTIGATORS
THAT I DON'T KNOW ANYTHING.
A NEW PIECE OF EVIDENCE
CAME ACROSS MY DESK, AND...
I WANTED TO GET YOUR THOUGHTS
ON IT.
I WAS ABLE TO TRACE
THIS PHOTOGRAPH BACK TO YOU.
MIND EXPLAINING
THE MESSAGE?
I DIDN'T SEND IT.
AND I QUESTION
HOW YOU WOULD PROVE THAT I DID.
WE'RE THE FBI, MRS. GRAYSON.
THAT'S WHAT WE DO.
SO,
WHY DON'T YOU COOPERATE
AND TELL ME HOW EMILY THORNE
IS INVOLVED IN ALL THIS?
THAT'S A BUSH-LEAGUE QUESTION,
AGENT TAYLOR.
I THOUGHT I WAS DEALING
WITH A PROFESSIONAL.
FINE.
EMILY THORNE
WAS CELLMATES
WITH DAVID CLARKE'S DAUGHTER,
AMANDA.
AND WHAT
DOES THAT TELL YOU?
THAT THEY SHARED
A SPECIAL BOND.
OH, "SPECIAL" WOULDN'T EVEN
BEGIN TO COVER IT.
HOW SO?
EMILY WILL DO ANYTHING
FOR DAVID,
INCLUDING ERASING
HIS DEBTS.
WHICH,
JUDGING BY YOUR REACTION,
MIGHT PROVE INTERESTING
TO YOUR EMPLOYER.
[ CHUCKLES ]
I WORK FOR THE UNITED STATES
TAXPAYERS, MRS. GRAYSON.
AH.
AND I DO SO MISS
MY DEARLY DEPARTED HUSBAND.
NOW, ONLY ONE OF THOSE
STATEMENTS CAN BE VERIFIED.
SHALL I CALL QUANTICO
AND SHARE MY THEORIES
ABOUT YOUR
EXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITIES?
WHAT IS IT YOU WANT?
JUST FOR DAVID AND I
TO HAVE THE RELATIONSHIP
WE WERE DENIED YEARS AGO,
FREE FROM ANYONE'S INTERFERENCE.
WELL, MS. THORNE
IS A VERY WEALTHY GIRL,
BUT I DON'T SEE WHY
SHE WOULD GO TO SUCH EXTREMES
TO HELP DAVID CLARKE.
WHAT'S THE CONNECTION?
YOU'RE THE FBI.
FIGURE IT OUT.
AND ONCE YOU DO, TAKE YOUR MONEY
AND LEAVE US THE HELL ALONE.
[ SEA GULLS CRYING ]
HEY.
SO, UH,
I AM RUNNING KATE'S PRINTS
THROUGH
A DATA-MINING PROGRAM.
IF SHE'S HIDING SOMETHING,
I'LL FIND IT,
BUT IT'S GONNA
TAKE AWHILE.
[ SIGHS ] WHAT ABOUT THE FEED
FROM THE ROOM?
ANYTHING INTERESTING?
WELL, FOR STARTERS,
SHE'S A TOTAL SLOB,
BUT I DID
FIND SOMETHING USEFUL
WHILE YOU WERE ENGAGED
IN YOUR TêTE-à-JACK.
SHE'S JUST
TEXTING SOMEONE.
Nolan: UH-HUH.
ON A PHONE
THAT'S IN DIRECT VIOLATION
OF ANTI-CORRUPTION
PROTOCOL.
ALL AGENTS ARE SUPPOSED TO
REGISTER THEIR SECONDARY PHONES,
BUT KATE NEVER DID.
SHE'S ON A SATCOM
WITH A DIGITAL SCRAMBLER,
WHICH IS KIND OF IDEAL
FOR STAYING IN TOUCH
WITH PARANOID SHUT-INS.
IF I GET THE PHONE,
CAN YOU TRACE THE TEXT?
[ SCOFFS ]
I CAN PINPOINT MALCOLM BLACK
TO A 10-FOOT RADIUS.
DID JACK RSVP
TO YOUR PARTY?
HE DID -- PLUS ONE.
BUT, EMS,
DON'T EVEN THINK
OF TURNING MY CLUB INTO
YOUR OWN PERSONAL BATTLEFIELD.
I JUST PAID
FOR NEW UNIFORMS.
IF EVERYTHING
GOES RIGHT,
KATE WON'T EVEN KNOW
I'M ON TO HER.
HMM. WHEN DOES ANYTHING
EVER GO RIGHT
FOR THE HOST
OF A HAMPTONS' PARTY...
with you
on the guest list?
I HEARD THAT.
'COURSE YOU DID.
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
WELL,
THE COPY IS GOOD,
BUT I'D LIKE
TO USE THE PHOTO
OF THE GRAYSON GLOBAL RETREAT
IN HAWAII.
IT'S A BETTER SHOT
OF DAVID.
MARGAUX?
YES.
WHAT'S WRONG?
WAS CONRAD ALWAYS
LIKE HE WAS AT THE END?
WAS HE EVER...
DIFFERENT?
WHEN HE WAS YOUNG.
HE WASN'T KIND,
BUT HE WASN'T CRUEL...THEN.
WHAT CHANGED HIM?
OH, I SUPPOSE
HE HAD A LOT TO PROVE.
GROWING UP UNDER THE SHADOW
OF A POWERFUL FATHER
IS A TERRIBLE BURDEN
FOR A CHILD --
SOMETHING YOU KNOW WELL.
MM-HMM.
THIS ISN'T ABOUT CONRAD,
IS IT?
THIS IS ABOUT
YOU AND DANIEL.
I'M PREGNANT.
[ CHUCKLES ]
DOES HE KNOW?
BUT YOU'RE THINKING
OF GOING IT ALONE?
I CAN'T BELIEVE
I'M EVEN CONSIDERING IT.
I WAS SO LONELY
AS A CHILD.
MY FATHER
WAS NEVER HOME.
ALWAYS CAME SECOND
TO HIS WORK.
THEN WHY
PUSH DANIEL AWAY?
HE WAS ONCE
FULL OF HOPE...
A BEAUTIFUL YOUNG MAN.
BUT SOMETHING CHANGED
IN HIM.
AND NOW THERE'S SO MUCH MORE
AT STAKE.
YOU KNOW, I WAS ONCE FACED
WITH RAISING A BABY ALONE.
BUT I COULDN'T.
I WAS 16 YEARS OLD,
AND OUR CIRCUMSTANCES WERE DIRE.
[ INHALES SHARPLY ]
YOUR SITUATION
IS DIFFERENT.
BUT NO MATTER
HOW CAPABLE A MOTHER,
A CHILD
DESERVES A FATHER.
EVEN ONE LIKE HIM?
DANIEL'S NOT CONRAD,
AND I KNOW THE DIFFERENCE.
WHICH IS WHY I ALSO KNOW
THAT THE GOOD MAN YOU NEED
IS STILL THERE.
DANIEL LOVES YOU.
BUT WHAT IF
I DON'T LOVE HIM ANYMORE?
[ CHUCKLES ]
YOUR TEARS
SUGGEST OTHERWISE.
[ SIGHS ]
♪ BANG BANG INTO THE ROOM ♪
Nolan: WELL, MY, MY.
♪ BANG BANG ALL OVER YOU ♪
SOUTHERN GIRLS CERTAINLY DO KNOW
HOW TO PUT ON A HOOTENANNY.
♪ I'LL LET YOU HAVE IT ♪
DON'T USE THAT WORD.
WHY?
♪ WAIT A MINUTE,
LET ME TAKE YOU THERE ♪
'CAUSE YOU CAN'T
PULL IT OFF.
[ SIGHS ] OH.
♪ WAIT A MINUTE TILL YA ♪
WELL, YOU'RE CERTAINLY RIGHT
ABOUT ONE THING --
WE ARE
THE COUPLE OF THE MOMENT.
OH, YES.
♪ I KNOW YOU WANT IT ♪
♪ BACK, BACKSEAT OF MY CAR ♪
LoLan IS TRENDING.
[ GASPS ]
♪ WAIT A MINUTE,
LET ME TAKE YOU THERE ♪
OKAY, WE HAVE TO THANK OUR FANS
WITH A SELFIE.
♪ WAIT A MINUTE TILL YA ♪
WHAT'S YOUR GOOD SIDE?
UH, SAME AS YOU --
ALL OF THEM.
♪ SHE MIGHT OF LET
YOU HOLD HER HAND IN SCHOOL ♪
[ GIGGLES ]
♪ BUT I'M GONNA SHOW YOU
HOW TO GRADUATE ♪
TAG ME -- NolMan 88.
♪ NO, I DON'T NEED TO HEAR YOU
TALK THE TALK ♪
WHY 88?
♪ JUST COME AND SHOW ME
WHAT YOUR MAMA GAVE ♪
WELL, SOME DETAILS OF MY PRIVATE
LIFE I DON'T MAKE PUBLIC.
♪ YOU'VE GOT A VERY BIG SHH ♪
DON'T TURN AROUND.
I'M SORRY
THAT I KEPT YOU IN THE DARK.
I KNOW HOW HARD
THAT'S BEEN FOR YOU.
I CAN HANDLE MYSELF.
I KNOW.
BUT I CAN'T HAVE YOU INVOLVED
IN WHAT HAPPENS NEXT.
David: WHEN YOU HEAR
THERE'S TROUBLE,
DO NOT COME RUNNING.
IT'S ALL PART
OF A LARGER PLAN.
DON'T GO AFTER MALCOLM BLACK
ON YOUR OWN, PLEASE.
LET ME HELP YOU.
[ DANCE MUSIC PLAYS ]
DID MY FATHER
MENTION ANYTHING
ABOUT GOING AFTER
MALCOLM BLACK?
NO, NOTHING.
NOLAN, IF HE DID,
TELL ME.
EMS, I SWEAR
HE DIDN'T SAY ANYTHING.
THEN HE REALLY IS
WORKING ALONE.
I NEED TO GET
TO MALCOLM FIRST.
WELL, YOUR BEST
AND ONLY OPTION
JUST WALKED
THROUGH THE FRONT DOOR.
♪ ANYONE AT ALL, BABY, WHAT
YOU DID, IT AIN'T TOO EASY ♪
JACK.
YOU MADE IT.
EMILY.
THIS IS KATE TAYLOR.
I WAS HOPING
TO MEET YOU.
THINK I...
SAW YOU AT THE HOSPITAL.
AND, UH,
AT THE POLICE STATION.
MM-HMM.
WE'RE LIKE TWO SHIPS
THAT KEEP PASSING IN THE NIGHT.
OH, AT LEAST WE'RE NOT
CRASHING INTO EACH OTHER.
AH, WELL,
THE NIGHT IS STILL YOUNG.
JACK, WHO IS YOUR LOVELY DAMSEL
IN THIS STUNNING DRESS?
[ GASPS ]
OH, WHOOPS.
[ KATE CHUCKLES ]
NOTHING WORSE THAN A PARTY FOUL
FROM HE WHO THROWS THE PARTY.
I'VE BEEN HIT WITH WORSE.
UH, NAME'S KATE.
NOLAN ROSS.
UH, BUT YOU KNEW THAT.
UH, AND I AM SO SORRY
ABOUT THE DRESS.
UM,
THAT ONE NOTWITHSTANDING,
REST OF THE DRINKS TONIGHT
ON ME.
DO YOU HAVE A --
LADIES --
AROUND THE CORNER.
THANKS.
YOU OKAY?
IF SHE'S CORRUPT,
I WANT TO KNOW.
IF SHE'S NOT,
I WANT AN APOLOGY.
Daniel:
"DEAR DAD, MY WHOLE LIFE,
"I'VE BEEN TOLD
I WAS DESTINED FOR GREATNESS
BASED SOLELY
ON THE VIRTUE OF MY NAME."
[ CELLPHONE CHIMES ]
I THOUGHT
YOU COULD USE THIS.
I'VE SPILLED
MY FAIR SHARE OF DRINKS.
[ CHUCKLES ]
THANKS.
JACK'S SAID SOME NICE THINGS
ABOUT YOU.
REALLY?
IS THAT SURPRISING?
OH, WE'RE JUST...
HAVING A LITTLE FUN.
NOTHING SERIOUS.
[ INHALES DEEPLY ]
WELL, THAT'S AS GOOD
AS IT'S GONNA GET.
[ BOTH CHUCKLE ]
[ SIGHS ]
THANKS FOR THE ASSIST.
OF COURSE.
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
[ FUTURE ISLANDS' "SEASONS
(WAITING ON YOU)" PLAYS ]
♪ SEASONS CHANGE ♪
♪ AND I TRIED HARD
JUST TO SOFTEN YOU ♪
SCRAM.
AW.
HOW I ENJOY
TOYING WITH THE WEAKER SEX.
UH, WELL, THAT INCLUDES ME, TOO,
DOESN'T IT?
♪ SEASONS CHANGE ♪
SEE, I JUST HEARD
THAT YOU ARE HITTING THE OPEN
SEAS TOMORROW AFTER ALL.
♪ BUT I'VE GROWN TIRED
OF TRYING TO CHANGE FOR YOU ♪
THOUGHT WE WERE OKAY.
[ SIGHS ] WE ARE.
THINGS WILL NEVER BE OKAY
WITH ME AND MY BROTHER.
SO THIS IS
ABOUT THE ARTICLE.
♪ I'VE BEEN WAITING ON YOU ♪
MM.
PARTICULARLY THE PASSAGE
HINTING AT THE REAL STORY
BEHIND THE ELLISE FAMILY.
♪ 'CAUSE I'VE BEEN WAITING
ON YOU ♪
SEE, MY BROTHER
VALUES OUR SECRETS.
HE'LL DO ANYTHING
TO KEEP THEM BURIED.
I CANNOT
GO THROUGH THAT AGAIN.
♪ I'VE BEEN WAITING ON YOU ♪
I have to get
the hell away from him.
RUNNING --
NOT THE ANSWER.
THERE IS ANOTHER WAY
OUT OF THIS, LOUISE...
♪ 'CAUSE I'VE BEEN WAITING
ON YOU ♪
...IF YOU'RE UP FOR IT.
[ GIGGLES ]
[ SLOW-TEMPO PIANO MUSIC PLAYS ]
ENJOY.
I WASN'T SURE
YOU'D COME.
YEAH,
I WOULDN'T HAVE,
EXCEPT YOU SAID
IT INVOLVED MARGAUX.
[ INHALES DEEPLY ]
SHE TOLD ME, DANIEL,
AND I AM SO HAPPY FOR YOU.
STOP. STOP IT.
I'VE ALWAYS DREAMED
OF YOU AND MAR--
STOP.
I KNOW WHAT YOU'RE DOING.
YOU'RE TRYING
TO CONTROL THE SITUATION.
I'M NOT.
AND I RESENT
THE ACCUSATION.
THIS IS ALWAYS --
THIS IS WHAT YOU DO.
YOU ALWAYS DO THIS.
YOU...
YESTERDAY,
I WOULD'VE FOUGHT WITH YOU,
BUT I CAN'T KEEP REPEATING
THE SAME MISTAKES.
I'M GONNA BE A FATHER.
AND YOU'RE GOING TO BE
A GREAT ONE, DANIEL.
NO, I DON'T KNOW.
I THINK MARGAUX
WAS RIGHT.
I'VE -- I'VE CHANGED.
DANIEL.
SHE'S ONLY REACTING
OUT OF FEAR.
THAT'S ALL.
WHICH IS EXACTLY WHAT I'VE
BEEN DOING FOR MOST OF MY LIFE.
YOU KNOW, I WALKED AWAY
FROM SARA IN THAT ACCIDENT.
I SIDED WITH DAD
WHEN YOU GAVE ME THAT EVIDENCE.
I SHOT MY EX-WIFE.
DON'T MAKE EXCUSES FOR HER,
DANIEL.
SHE PUT YOU
THROUGH HELL.
SHE FORCED US
TO FACE THE TRUTH.
AND YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'M -- I'M GRATEFUL
BECAUSE IT MEANS
I CAN'T HIDE FROM IT ANYMORE.
YOU'VE SUFFERED,
AS WELL.
MOM, WE HAVE TO STOP LYING
TO OURSELVES.
LOOK AT WHAT YOU'RE DOING
TO DAVID.
DOES HE KNOW
THE TRUTH?
DOES HE HAVE ANY IDEA
WHAT YOU DID TO HIM?
NO.
OF COURSE NOT.
NO, 'CAUSE YOU
MANIPULATED HIM INSTEAD.
BECAUSE SURVIVING
IS ALL THAT MATTERS,
JUST LIKE DAD SAID.
BUT HE WAS WRONG.
NO, SURVIVING'S NOT LIVING --
IT'S HIDING.
YEAH,
WE THROW BIG PARTIES,
GIVE OURSELVES AWARDS
TO COVER UP THE TRUTH.
WE'RE NOT SPECIAL.
WE'RE COWARDS.
NOW,
IF I GET THE CHANCE,
I'M TEACHING MY CHILD
TO BE BETTER THAN THAT.
[ BILLS RUSTLE ]
I'M DONE RUNNING.
[ SIGHS ]
I HOPE YOU ARE, TOO.
[ DANCE MUSIC PLAYS ]
YOU WOULD THINK THE FBI
WOULD TEACH THEIR AGENTS
NOT TO LEAVE
THEIR BAGS UNATTENDED.
SO,
WHAT'S NEXT?
NOLAN PINPOINTS
MALCOLM'S LOCATION.
JACK, YOU DISTRACT KATE
SO I CAN RETURN HER PHONE
WITHOUT HER REALIZING
IT'S MISSING.
THIS IS NOT HOW I EXPECTED
TO SPEND MY SUMMER.
OKAY, HACKED,
SEALED, DELIVERED.
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
[ METAL CLINKS ]
I THINK YOU HAVE
MY PHONE...AMANDA.
IT WAS THE ONLY THING
THAT MADE SENSE.
AND YOU'RE BETTER
THAN I THOUGHT.
I DIDN'T EVEN NOTICE YOU
LIFT MY PHONE.
YOU REALLY WANT
TO DO THIS HERE?
I DIDN'T COME HERE
TO FIGHT.
I NEED YOUR HELP.
WHEN I FIGURED OUT
WHO YOU WERE,
I REALIZED YOU'RE THE ONE
WHO TOOK DOWN CONRAD GRAYSON.
SOMEONE HAD TO.
NOW YOU HAVE TO DO THE SAME
TO MALCOLM.
HE'S FORCING ME
TO WORK FOR HIM...
JUST LIKE HE DID WITH YOUR
FATHER, AND HE HAS MY MOTHER.
WHY SHOULD I
BELIEVE YOU?
WHAT WOULD I POSSIBLY HAVE
TO GAIN BY OUTING MYSELF TO YOU?
I'M DESPERATE.
YOU'RE BEING WATCHED?
ALWAYS.
WHY DON'T WE SLIP AWAY...
SOMEWHERE SAFE?
THEN I'LL TELL YOU
EXACTLY HOW WE SAVE YOUR FATHER
AND MY MOTHER.
DO WE HAVE A DEAL?
MY HOUSE.
30 MINUTES.
I WAS STARTING
TO GET WORRIED.
I WAS IN THE CITY
WITH DANIEL.
HE, UH --
HE SEEMED DIFFERENT TODAY,
LIKE I'D NEVER SEEN HIM
BEFORE.
I WAS PROUD OF HIM.
I'M GLAD.
DID YOU DO
WHAT YOU NEEDED TODAY?
YES.
IT'S ALL TAKEN CARE OF.
EVERYTHING'S GONNA BE FINE.
[ WAVES CRASHING ]
WHY IS MY FUTURE
MORE IMPORTANT THAN HERS?
I RECEIVED
YOUR LETTER...
A BEAUTIFULLY PENNED
SUICIDE NOTE.
PLEASE DON'T TRY
TO STOP ME, DAD.
I WON'T. I GET IT.
YOU'RE A MAN NOW,
FACING THE FIRST REAL CHOICE
OF YOUR ADULT LIFE.
I SIMPLY WANT YOU TO BE AWARE
OF ITS IMPLICATIONS.
SO, DO YOU REMEMBER
THE FABLE OF MOMUS?
YEAH, THE GOD OF...
WRITERS AND POETS.
HE CRITICIZED HIS FELLOW GODS
FOR THEIR SHORTCOMINGS.
AND HOW WAS HE REWARDED
FOR HIS HONESTY?
THEY BANISHED HIM
FROM OLYMPUS.
SO, THAT'S WHY YOU'RE HERE --
TO THREATEN ME?
[ CHUCKLES ]
NO, NO.
I'M HERE TO WARN YOU, SON.
LOOK, SIDING WITH THAT GIRL,
WRONGED AS SHE MAY BE,
SENDS A MESSAGE
TO YOUR PEERS.
THESE ARE THE SAME PEOPLE
WHO MAY ONE DAY
HOLD YOUR FUTURE IN THEIR HANDS.
NOW,
YOU DO THIS TODAY,
AND THEY WILL TURN
THEIR BACKS ON YOU
JUST AS SURELY
AS THE GODS BANISHED MOMUS.
YEAH, WELL, I GUESS
I'LL HAVE TO MAKE IT ON MY OWN.
DANIEL, DANIEL.
[ SIGHS ]
I BEG YOU
TO CONSIDER WHAT THAT MEANS.
I MEAN,
DO YOU REALLY BELIEVE
THAT YOU CAN STILL SUCCEED
OUT HERE IN THE REAL WORLD
BASED SOLELY ON YOUR OWN,
UH, INGENUITY AND -- AND TALENT?
BECAUSE I COULDN'T!
AND THAT'S NOT EASY
FOR ME TO ADMIT,
BUT THAT --
THAT'S THE TRUTH.
LUCKILY, WE WERE BOTH BORN
WITH A GREAT ADVANTAGE --
OUR FAMILY LEGACY.
I MEAN,
DO YOU REALLY WANT
TO THROW THAT PRECIOUS GIFT
AWAY ON THIS?
ASK YOURSELF,
IS THIS THE CAUSE
YOU WANT
TO RISK EVERYTHING ON?
[ ENGINE TURNS OVER ]
[ CELLPHONE RINGING ]
I DIDN'T EXPECT
TO HEAR FROM YOU.
I'M AT YOUR HOTEL.
WHERE ARE YOU?
[ SIGHS ]
I DROVE
TO MY OLD HOUSE.
DANIEL,
ARE YOU OKAY?
NO.
I HAVEN'T BEEN
FOR AWHILE.
YOU WERE RIGHT
ABOUT ME.
No.
NO, I WASN'T.
THAT'S WHAT
I WANT TO TELL YOU.
I WAS THE ONE RUNNING,
NOT YOU.
I was doing
what my father did...
DISAPPEARING
WHEN LIFE GOT HARD.
BUT I DON'T WANT
TO BE LIKE HIM.
I DON'T WANT
TO BE LIKE MINE.
WE CAN BE BETTER TOGETHER.
PLEASE, DANIEL,
COME HOME.
I need you.
WE NEED YOU.
[ FIRE CRACKLING ]
YOU WERE, UH,
UPSET WITH ME THIS MORNING
FOR KEEPING SECRETS FROM YOU,
AND YOU WERE RIGHT TO BE.
I DON'T WANT
TO HIDE ANYMORE.
YOU DON'T HAVE TO
TELL ME ANYTHING, DAVID.
YES, I DO.
SEE, I NEVER IMAGINED THAT LIFE
COULD BE WORSE THAN PRISON.
BUT NOW I HAVE HOPE, AND I KNOW
I CAN FINALLY BE FREE.
TO OUR FUTURE.
[ GLASSES CLINK ]
[ BREATHES SHAKILY ]
I-I CAN'T
KEEP DOING THIS.
I CAN'T KEEP RUNNING
FROM THE TRUTH.
THERE'S SOMETHING
YOU NEED TO KNOW.
20 YEARS AGO,
I STOLE YOUR COMPUTER,
AND I GAVE IT TO CONRAD
SO HE COULD FRAME YOU.
I BETRAYED YOU.
[ KNOCK ON DOOR ]
QUITE THE COMPOUND.
THOUGH IT DOESN'T SEEM
MUCH LIKE YOU.
IT ISN'T.
BUT IT'S A GOOD COVER.
MM.
GUESS THAT WOULD EXPLAIN
THE LACK OF STAFF.
[ BOTH GRUNT ]
[ CHUCKLES ]
MM.
THIS ISN'T
GOVERNMENT ISSUE.
IT'S BLACK MARKET.
UNLESS
I'M SORELY MISTAKEN,
WE'RE NOT DOING THIS ONE
BY THE BOOK.
I DIDN'T WANT ANYTHING
TRACED BACK TO ME.
[ CHUCKLES ]
IF YOU CAN'T TRUST ME, FINE.
I'LL TAKE MY CHANCES
ON MY OWN.
BUT THE BEST SHOT WE HAVE
OF SAVING OUR PARENTS
IS TO WORK TOGETHER,
HUH?
WHY ARE YOU
TELLING ME THIS NOW?
BECAUSE I LOVE YOU.
I ALWAYS HAVE.
YOU RUINED MY LIFE
FOR MONEY.
NO.
I WAS AFRAID.
WHAT?
WHY DID YOU CHOOSE THE MAN
THAT YOU WERE AFRAID OF?
I DIDN'T.
I WAS FRIGHTENED OF YOU.
WE WERE GOING TO TAKE THE
CHILDREN AND START A NEW LIFE.
AND I KNEW THE RISKS,
BUT I BELIEVED IN US.
AND THAT'S
WHEN I FOUND OUT
THE SECRET YOU'D BEEN HIDING
ABOUT YOUR WIFE.
KARA?
YOU TOLD ME
SHE WAS DEAD, DAVID.
I BOUGHT
EVERY WORD OF IT,
AND YOU MADE YOUR DAUGHTER
BELIEVE IT, TOO.
SHE WAS SICK.
AMANDA WAS ONLY A CHILD.
SHE WOULDN'T HAVE
UNDERSTOOD.
I WOULD HAVE!
I WAITED FOR YOU TO TELL ME
THE TRUTH, BUT YOU NEVER DID.
AND IN THE MOMENT
I NEEDED TO TRUST YOU THE MOST,
YOU MADE ME DOUBT YOU.
AND I HATED YOU
FOR IT.
[ Crying ] THEN CONRAD...
TOLD ME ABOUT THE BOMBING,
AND DANIEL AND I
WERE TRAPPED.
AND I WAS TERRIFIED
OF LOSING MY SON.
AND IN MY RAGE,
I USED YOU TO GET US OUT OF IT.
I SWEAR I REGRETTED
THAT DECISION EVER SINCE.
DAVID, I AM SO SORRY.
I'M SO SORRY.
I KNOW I DON'T DESERVE
YOUR FORGIVENESS, BUT...
...I'M ASKING FOR IT.
SEE, NORMALLY,
I RESEARCH ALL OF MY TARGETS,
BUT...THERE'S NOTHING
ON MALCOLM.
HE THINKS SECRETS
MAKE HIM UNTOUCHABLE.
BUT I KNOW HOW
TO DRAW HIM OUT INTO THE OPEN.
WE JUST NEED
TO USE THE RIGHT BAIT.
MONEY.
SPECIFICALLY, THE FORTUNE
YOUR FATHER TOOK FROM HIM.
OH,
HE NEVER TOLD YOU?
[ CHUCKLES ]
BEFORE DAVID ESCAPED, HE DRAINED
MOST OF MALCOLM'S ACCOUNTS
AND FUNNELED THE MONEY
INTO CHARITIES ACROSS THE WORLD.
IT WAS HIS WAY OF MAKING AMENDS
FOR THE THINGS HE'D DONE.
THE THING IS,
MALCOLM NEVER BELIEVED
DAVID GAVE THE MONEY AWAY.
SO HE SENT YOU HERE
TO FIND IT.
LUCKY FOR US, YOU HAVE ENOUGH
TO MAKE HIM THINK I DID.
IF YOU WIRE THE CASH INTO
AN ACCOUNT ONLY HE CAN ACCESS --
AND WE TAKE HIM DOWN
ONCE HE GOES TO CLAIM IT.
THAT'S A GOOD PLAN.
I GUESS
MY ONLY QUESTION IS...
...WHEN WERE YOU PLANNING
ON KILLING ME?
WELL, I WAS PLANNING ON
AFTER WE GOT YOUR MONEY, BUT...
PLANS CHANGE.
[ SIGHS ]
SO, THE MOTHER STORY
WAS A LIE.
BARELY.
SHE IS WITH MALCOLM, BUT THAT'S
BECAUSE HE'S MY FATHER.
SECRET DAUGHTER
IN THE FBI.
THAT'S AN EXCELLENT
INSURANCE POLICY.
GOD,
I HAVE TO KNOW.
WHAT TIPPED YOU OFF?
OH.
I NEVER BELIEVED YOU.
I JUST WANTED TO GET YOU
AWAY FROM INNOCENT CIVILIANS
AND IN FRONT
OF MY SECURITY CAMERAS.
OH, DON'T WORRY.
YOU WON'T SEE THEM.
ONE OF THE MANY PERKS OF HAVING
A GENIUS AS A BEST FRIEND.
YOUR COVER IS BLOWN.
WELL, I'LL JUST HAVE TO
DELETE THE DRIVES
BEFORE I GO, THEN.
[ GUN CLICKS ]
OOPS.
GUESS YOU DIDN'T NOTICE
THIS TIME, EITHER.
[ GRUNTS ]
[ GROWLS ]
[ BOTH GRUNTING ]
AAH!
WELL, I WOULD SAY THAT A TOAST
IS IN ORDER.
[ BOTTLE CAPS RATTLE ]
[ CHUCKLES ]
TO EMILY AND KATE?
NO, TO MY PARTY
SURVIVING UNSCATHED.
I MEAN, IT'S A HAMPTONS'
FREAKIN' MIRACLE.
RIGHT.
TO THE IMPORTANT STUFF.
[ COMPUTER BEEPING ]
ARE YOU STILL LOOKING
INTO KATE'S BACKGROUND?
OH, YEAH.
I FORGOT
THAT WAS RUNNING.
UH, WHY?
ANYTHING JUICY?
CALL EMILY.
TELL HER NOT TO LET KATE
IN THE HOUSE!
WHY?!
WHAT'S WRONG?!
[ BOTH GRUNTING ]
OHH!
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
[ BOTH GRUNTING ]
AAH!
[ GAGS, GRUNTS ]
[ BOTH GRUNTING ]
[ BOTH GRUNT ]
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
AAH!
[ GRUNTING ]
[ GRUNTS ]
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
[ EMILY GRUNTING ]
EMILY!
WHAT HAPPENED
TO YOU?
GET OUT OF HERE!
RUN!
[ GRUNTING ]
NO!
DROP IT!
WHY DIDN'T YOU LISTEN
TO ME, DANIEL?
I TOLD YOU TO RUN!
WHY DIDN'T YOU RUN?
Daniel: "DEAR DAD,
MY WHOLE LIFE, I'VE BEEN TOLD
"I WAS DESTINED FOR GREATNESS
"BASED SOLELY
ON THE VIRTUE OF MY NAME.
"I WAS TAUGHT
SACRIFICE WAS FOR THE FOOLISH.
"SURVIVAL WAS ALL
THAT MATTERED.
"BUT NOW I FIND MYSELF
AT A CROSSROADS,
"AND I MUST DECIDE
WHAT I BELIEVE TO BE TRUE.
"THERE IS NO SUCH THING
AS DESTINY.
"LEGACIES MUST BE EARNED
BY THE CHOICES WE MAKE.
"I NOW KNOW
THAT WE WRITE OUR OWN ENDINGS,
"AND WE CAN EITHER CHOOSE
TO HIDE AS VILLAINS
OR LIVE AS HEROES."
[ SNIFFLES ]
YOU'RE GONNA BE OKAY,
DANIEL.
YOU'RE GONNA BE OKAY.
YOU'RE STILL LYING
TO ME.
[ BREATHING SHAKILY ]
[ GROANS ]
I WANT YOU TO KNOW
THAT IT WASN'T ALL A LIE.
NOT WITH YOU.
I KNOW.
[ SIGHS ]